We present you a set of nocturne earrings
and ring
combination of large crystal with fine
tracery right shaped lotus flower
perfection of forms borrowed from the
nature openwork pattern with lots of
toll sites separated by thin
jumpers
creates a complex flower shape composition
lotus imitate her petals of gold
metal and large round crystal
Nocturnal earrings are supplied
Castle better known as English
used this lock in complicated
large jewelry it looks very
elegantly and efficiently besides these
earrings are properly processed and have
the rounded long shape of the earring is comfortable
mounted in the ear and looks very elegant
it's important for me to look confident in any
situations
a nocturne kit always helps him
You can wear a dramatic dress and
under a business suit
nocturne kit has a very unusual and
beautiful stone shape gorgeous
Looks and on ring and seriously and I
always look luxurious all products from
Nocturne Gold Plated Sets
electroplated in what
makes them more durable better
protecting from the effects of the environment in
the center of each earring and ring is available
crystal cubic zirconia central crystal
round shape reaches in diameter 11
millimeters but thanks to the crop of new
bartack scatters even more light
now the most important thing is amazing
combination of large crystal with fine
tracery right shaped lotus flower
on the earrings and in the ring from the set
Nocturne we want to offer you by
fabulously low price you can
buy the lot and individually so
and the whole kit at the same time saving
Sergi will cost 1390 rubles and one
ring only one 1290 rubles if you
buy the whole set at once you save
paying less only 2490 rubles
discount when buying a kit will be
190 rubles
do not delay for later just type
the number you see on the screen and
call the operator product code
for a nocturne kit this is 500 393
if you want to order separately only
earrings name code 503 80
if you are most interested
ring and you want to buy it
call the operator the code 503 88 but remember
you have the opportunity to save
orders both items from the kit
Nocturne immediately just call the operator
code 503 93 and the purchase will cost only
2490 rubles in a hurry now you have
the opportunity to purchase a set of earrings
and rings nocturne with gold tracery
petals and central crystal
reaching a diameter of 11 millimeters
special price for only 2490 rubles
we are waiting for your calls right now not
postpone call